Don't mess around
My father is Jiang Hailong
How dare your father hurt Auntie?
I'll call my dad right away to clean you up
You said your father is the head of the post, Haisheng
The black and black dragons are the same.
Yes, speak English.
What are you bragging about?
Even the boss of my Snow Wolf Gang is Lord Long's younger brother
If you were Long Yan's daughter
How could you like Li Yuyang, this coward?
I didn't lie to you.
My dad is really a gangster
I'll call him now.
And ask someone to apply to kill you
No I want to kill my daughter-in-law
I give money
As long as you take out the money
I fell asleep.
What's wrong with the old man? Why are you so great?
Ahhh
Hurry up!
What a poor guy who can't fry oil
That's all it takes?
This is all the money in our family.
Please put a lot
Let go
What are you dreaming about?
If the money is not enough, please ask a woman to make up for it, hahaha.
Come on.
What?
I want him to give birth to a baby for me, hahahaha.
Come here.
Gusu, don't bite me
So many years
You must have never tasted a man, have you?
Is it hard?
I will show mercy today
Give you a live show
Hahaha show
What's wrong, Mei?
Ah no
Ah so happy